CHAPTER ONETHE BOY WHO LIVEDMr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to saythat they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the lastpeople you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious,because they just didn't hold with such nonsense.Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which madedrills. He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he didhave a very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley was thin and blonde and hadnearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as shespent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on theneighbors. The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in theiropinion there was no finer boy anywhere.The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, andtheir greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. They didn'tthink they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. Mrs.Potter was Mrs. Dursley's sister, but they hadn't met for several years;in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn't have a sister, because hersister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it waspossible to be. The Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors wouldsay if the Potters arrived in the street. The Dursleys knew that thePotters had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him. This boywas another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn't wantDudley mixing with a child like that.When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our storystarts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest thatstrange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over thecountry. Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie forwork, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screamingDudley into his high chair.None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs.Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed,
